happy Saturday morning everybody I want
to show you is this it was a lot read
her earlier but I had to take all the
stuff off the memory card so you can't
really see it now hold on let me go
outside yeah dang it I wish I had been
able to take the stuff off the memory
card faster because it was a lot crazier
earlier it's still pretty crazy but not
quite as crazy as it was earlier see if
I can get some better color in there oh
that's white Wow what is it like the
tiniest bird ever has a long beak I feel
like like one of those hook oh no
doesn't should I open the door it's
gonna scare it away very quietly yeah
hey bird should I go over and talk to--
Hey back from work gotta do some
shopping and then we got to go and do
this crazy haunted trail tonight as long
as it's not raining you guys will notice
that I am wearing a leather jacket
because this morning it was like 80
degrees outside and then this afternoon
it's like 61 degrees outside it's
getting cold and a little bit colder I
should say we're cold because we're from
Florida and that's no one we were happy
day after Halloween
two days after Halloween oh that's crazy
we're back home and I just looked down
and I saw this I don't know why or what
happened but that probably did we're
getting ready to go a little very last
local haunted trail of the season and I
know it's after Halloween but this one's
a little bit special it's called
Petrified Forest and they're doing this
thing now cuz it's after Halloween
called Eclipse where they turn off all
the show lights and they give your group
one glow stick and thats characters are
allowed to take the glow stick away from
you sounds pretty scary we're like on
our way there and like raindrops started
falling on the windshield
not cool nature oh alright it's sort of
raining not really raining hopefully
it'll stay not raining but how are you
doing Jeff I'm kind of scared because on
the lights like there's no lights at all
it's totally black and they give you a
glow stick and we go in with like four
plus four people and I don't know those
people and I don't know who's gonna be
holding the glow stick and if they take
the glow stick
that's it you don't have a light
I would imagine that if they pick who
gets the glowstick it's gonna be like
the littlest tiniest girl I don't know I
don't know I guess we'll see Oh in my
hat you guys might might be noticing
that I'm wearing a hat but Tammy
Templeman made this hat of the templeman
so I wore my hat tonight because it's a
little bit cold I love this hat yeah and
now it's time for another random thought
with the dim dragger I just looked down
and noticed that my zipper looks like a
little skull hey guys I'm a little skull
all right so they have this wheel thing
and they give us a colored ticket and
they say when the wheel changes to blue
then you can head towards the trail it
just can it seems like a big old just
stand around party right now which is
weird they're gonna teach these middle
schoolers how to do the time-warp
apparently there's like a banjo flavor
so Petrified Forest eclipse what did you
think when we first came we had an issue
with our ticket because we had a Groupon
and we know that we missed our
promotional date but they're supposed to
honor the amount that you paid which was
750 so we were gonna use that towards
tickets and they were like really weird
about it
so that was strange but as soon as we
got our ticket situated and we got in it
was actually really cool you get the
caustic which we still have so that's
really exciting you don't get a glow
stick you get a bracelet from the dollar
section at Target that's what we have
them at home but it's um it kind of
makes it harder to see so you really
don't want this because there is there
is some light in the trail this is just
I think a novelty thing they're just
trying to like get you but yeah so we
made it all the way through and it's the
theme was like a beer in a museum like
haunted Museum so they had like a
dinosaur skeleton and there was a guy
that was dressed up like it within a
cliff hat like he was a paleontologist
or something oh yeah then they have the
people with the the you put the stuff in
the nose from like the medieval
and they were like doing a spell oh yeah
it looks like a bird kind of hat and
then they put like stuff in the nose so
that they don't get the black death or
whatever you know what though was the
scariest part to me was when they had
like a clown area and that was the
scariest part and the thing that made it
the most scary was the music they're
playing like clown music dududududu
but like scary and it was that was the
thing that scared me the most and then
they had like a rundown carnival or like
everything look like his ghost town but
like carnival was there and it was all
like destroy it and that was pretty
scary oh and then they had like carousel
horses I'm just kind of like in this
field oh and then you walk through a
cornfield and there was like a scary
scarecrow man that was the only time
they got me actually because I turned
around to see if Tim was there I was
like Steven still there and he goes you
should never turn around I was like oh
and then he touched my leg Oh cuz
they're allowed to touch you you guys
ready to hear my opinion now I didn't
like it I didn't like it I liked it just
a little bit I'll take that back I liked
that they could touch you that was cool
legalize it enough they didn't touch you
enough yeah they did they're gonna make
this whole big thing about like cool
they can touch you are you ready they
need to touch you more yeah like you
know grab your leg grab your arm they
didn't do it enough it wasn't as scary
as it should have been and I like the
fact that because I had the glowstick
everybody was trying to take the
glowstick cuz that's not like the thing
is they're like well just get the
glowstick from them because then they'll
be in the pitch-black so literally every
actor was trying was like grabbing up
the glow stick and they would grab it
now and I'm fight it back for them and
stuff like that that was fun but
something happened where we got all
jammed up so they put us in in groups of
six and you're supposed to be going
through in this group of six and they
spread it out so that it's just your
group of six going through getting
scared we got jumped up with the group
ahead of us and the group behind us so
it was a group of like 20 people in a
line so they people on the front we get
scared and then nobody would scare us
because we were in the middle and they
would scare the people behind us but the
other thing that happened too was there
were like long stretches where nothing
where there wasn't anything happened we
were in this part that looked like a
horse stable and I thought for sure okay
somebody's gonna jump out at me from the
stall
there was no scare actor and then in the
in the beginning they had like a trivia
thing they said guess how many people
are how many scare actors
the trail there are a hundred and five
scare actors and I would imagine we
maybe saw 30 so I think they might be
fibbing about their numbers a little bit
or the size it had so much potential and
it was a good price to like well this
one was twenty bucks but it normally is
fifteen bucks a person but it had so
much potential didn't live up to it it
could have been way better than it was I
mean if you come next year cool if you
do if you can't make it you're not
really missing much the one thing we're
kind of sad that we didn't get to see
this year was the shallow grave out in
Winter Haven we heard so many good
things about that it's like and I went
to half away from us but people went and
they said that it was amazing so maybe
we'll go to that next year instead of
this yeah we're back home it was kind of
a lackluster end to our Halloween season
but not to worry because we've got
plenty of other fall season and winter
season and Christmas events to go to so
we will keep you guys entertained
somebody said in the comments below
not today yesterday's video because this
one just came up it's new but um
somebody said that I never say you know
it's time to pay the price
so we'll see you guys tomorrow and now